Document the new Services tab. (#1187)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/configuration/app-containers.md

> ## Upgrading from previous versions of the configuration file.

Reviewer: I don't think this is the right page for this information.  It should be with the other UI-tour pages.  The /configuration/ section is all about editing YAML files.

Although we make an effort to always maintain backward compatibility in the `.platform.app.yaml` format, we do from time to time [upgrade the file](/configuration/app/upgrading.md) and encourage you to upgrade as well.

## Console access

You can view a list of applications for an environment in the management console by selecting that environment from the dropdown at the top of the page, and then clicking the "Services" tab that appears above that environment's overview information.

> Each application container has a tab on the left, so select the app you are interested in.

Reviewer: This sentence reads rather clunky.

> Each application container has a tab on the left, so select the app you are interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the application container on the left to show more detailed information for it on the right.
```
